CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sentry.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=logo" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://sentry-brand.storage.googleapis.com/sentry-wordmark-dark-280x84.png" alt="Sentry" width="280" height="84">
  </a>
</p>

# Contributing

We welcome suggested improvements and bug fixes to the `@sentry/*` family of packages, in the form of pull requests on
[`GitHub`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard). The guide below will help you get started, but if you have
further questions, please feel free to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Ww9hbqr). To learn about some general
setup wizard development principles check out the [SDK Development Guide](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/expected-features/setup-wizards/) in the Sentry
Developer Documentation.

## Setting up an Environment

1. Fork the repository
2. Clone your fork
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
l: Some stuff that's probably worth mentioning here:

Suggested change
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
## Running End-to-End Tests
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
## Building and running locally
Build the wizard with this command
```bash
yarn build
```
If you want to simply try out the wizard locally, you can use
```bash
yarn try #also takes all CLI args you'd pass to the wizard 
```
If you want to run the locally build wizard in an external project:
1. run `yarn link` in the wizard repo
2. head to your project
3. run `yarn link @sentry/wizard` to symlink to the local repo
4. run `yarn @sentry/wizard` to run the local repo
In repos set up with `pnpm` or more complex cases, you might want 
to look into [`yalc`](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) to install local versions of the wizard package.

## Running End-to-End Tests

The Sentry Wizard includes comprehensive end-to-end tests to ensure integrations work correctly.

### Running All Tests

To run all end-to-end tests:

```bash
yarn test:e2e
```

### Running Specific Tests

To test a specific framework integration:

```bash
yarn test:e2e [Flutter | Remix | NextJS | SvelteKit]
```

## Updating the Changelog

For every meaningful change, please add an entry to the `CHANGELOG.md` file:

1. Add your entry under the `## Unreleased` section
2. Follow the existing format: `- type(scope): Description ([#PR-number](PR-link))`
3. Choose the appropriate type:
   - `feat`: A new feature
   - `fix`: A bug fix
   - `ref`: Code refactoring that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
   - `chore`: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools
   - `docs`: Documentation only changes
4. Include the scope (framework/area affected) in parentheses
5. Provide a concise description of your change
6. Add the PR number and link when available (or add it later)

Example:
```
- feat(nextjs): Add connectivity check to example page with helpful error UI ([#123](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard/pull/123))
```

If your change contains breaking changes, add an exclamation mark after the type:
```
- ref!: Bump main Node.js version to the earliest LTS v18 ([#793](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard/pull/793))
```

Commit message:

doc(contributing): Update package linking instructions

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sentry.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=logo" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://sentry-brand.storage.googleapis.com/sentry-wordmark-dark-280x84.png" alt="Sentry" width="280" height="84">
  </a>
</p>

# Contributing

We welcome suggested improvements and bug fixes to the `@sentry/*` family of packages, in the form of pull requests on
[`GitHub`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard). The guide below will help you get started, but if you have
further questions, please feel free to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Ww9hbqr). To learn about some general
setup wizard development principles check out the [SDK Development Guide](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/expected-features/setup-wizards/) in the Sentry
Developer Documentation.

## Setting up an Environment

1. Fork the repository
2. Clone your fork
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
l: Some stuff that's probably worth mentioning here:

Suggested change
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
## Running End-to-End Tests
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
## Building and running locally
Build the wizard with this command
```bash
yarn build
```
If you want to simply try out the wizard locally, you can use
```bash
yarn try #also takes all CLI args you'd pass to the wizard 
```

### Running local builds in external projects

If you want to run the locally built wizard in an external project (for example a test project outside of the repo):

1. run `yarn link` in the wizard repo
2. head to your project
3. install the actual version of the wizard
   ```bash
   npm install @sentry/wizard #or use the package manager of your choice
   ```
4. run `yarn link @sentry/wizard` to symlink to the local repo
5. run to run the local repo:
   ```bash
   npx sentry-wizard
   #or
   yarn sentry-wizard
   ```

In repos set up with `pnpm` or more complex cases, you might want 
to look into [`yalc`](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) to install local versions of the wizard package.

## Running End-to-End Tests

The Sentry Wizard includes comprehensive end-to-end tests to ensure integrations work correctly.

### Running All Tests

To run all end-to-end tests:

```bash
yarn test:e2e
```

### Running Specific Tests

To test a specific framework integration:

```bash
yarn test:e2e [Flutter | Remix | NextJS | SvelteKit]
```

## Updating the Changelog

For every meaningful change, please add an entry to the `CHANGELOG.md` file:

1. Add your entry under the `## Unreleased` section
2. Follow the existing format: `- type(scope): Description ([#PR-number](PR-link))`
3. Choose the appropriate type:
   - `feat`: A new feature
   - `fix`: A bug fix
   - `ref`: Code refactoring that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
   - `chore`: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools
   - `docs`: Documentation only changes
4. Include the scope (framework/area affected) in parentheses
5. Provide a concise description of your change
6. Add the PR number and link when available (or add it later)

Example:
```
- feat(nextjs): Add connectivity check to example page with helpful error UI ([#123](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard/pull/123))
```

If your change contains breaking changes, add an exclamation mark after the type:
```
- ref!: Bump main Node.js version to the earliest LTS v18 ([#793](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard/pull/793))
```
